MaxCoverage
For 2100, 2101, and 2102 the single object evolutionary algorithm (SOEA) had the fastest improvement but plateaued around f(x)=300. Marginal repair can quickly eliminate the least valuable elements, allowing it initial fast growth. GSEMO improved at a more gradual pace, but overtook SOEA towards the end of the budget. The multi object evolutionary algorithm (MOEA) improved at the slowest rate, which can be explained since its priority is to maintain population diversity rather than forcing strict feasibility at each stage. MOEA with population 50 never reached feasible solutions as its maximum f(x)<0. This suggests that the population was too large and the 10,000 evaluation budget was too little time for the algorithm to improve. 2103 follows a similar trend with all 3 populations of SOEA growing quickly at the start but then plateauing around f(x)=400. MOEA at population 10 reaches feasible evolution near the end of the 10,000 evaluations budget, while population 20 and 50 never reach feasible solutions. This shows that maintaining feasibility and diversity is difficult with larger populations, and would require larger budgets.

MaxInfluence
All four MaxInfluence instances show similar trends. All three SOEA populations converge the fastest and reach f(x)>0. GSEMO improve gradually but peaks around f(x)=-500. This suggests that in contrast to SOEA, it is less aggressive in identifying a single optimal solution due to its mutation based exploration of population non-dominated alternatives. The MOEA algorithms show the slowest growth and has large fluctuations between populations. The smallest population of 10 reaches the best fitness value of the three at approximately f(x)=-1000, and the largest population of 50 reaches the worst fitness value of approximately f(x)=-1500. This suggests that increasing the population size spreads the limited evaluation budget over an excessive number of people. Within the 10,000 evaluation budget, larger populations do worse overall because they retain more variety and less time refining each candidate.