1. Looking at MaxCoverage first, for all 5 instances, All algorithms follow the same path in f(x) vs evaluations with a gradual increase.
Then there is a sudden explosion after 1e+3 where the GSEMO algorihtm suddenly finds much better solutions causing the line to almost become
vertical (just like all the other algorithms). It follows a very simialr shape to (1+1)EA like because of how it works is very similar to what
GSEMO does. More specifically, the mutation step where you mutate each bit indepdently withprobability 1/n is very similar to GSEMO except GSEMO
keeps a population instead of just one. However, GSEMO outperforms all the algorithms for instances 2100,2101,2102 and 2103 finding a better f(x) 
value. A reason for why GSEMO does so well for max coverage is that submodular functions have a population advantage. Since GSEMO keeps all of the
non dominated solutions, it can retain multiple of the promising combinations and thus allows for exploration of multiple paths through the space 
space, possibly increasing the chance of obtaining a high-coverage combination. This is contrasting to (1+1) EA for example which only has one 
solution path. For the Maxcoverage trade-off Graph, the shape is a nearly linear decrease with a moderate number of points. The front is smooth 
because MaxCoverage is a submodular problem, each additional node contributes less than oe equal to the previous one which means you would except a
linear relationship. Overall this shows that a higher submodular value has a lot higher cost and vice versa which is to be expected.

2. the next type of problem is MaxInfluence. The idea of MaxInfluence is that you have to select a set of nodes to maximise the total number of
influenced nodes. From the Maxinfluence graphs you can can see that GSEMO peforms much worse than RLS and just like Maxcoverage (-500 vs -100), follows a very similar
curve not surpassing it. An explanation as to  why a populatiom advantage is less useful here is that Maxinfluence is less submodular. RLS works by making 
small changes such as mutating one node. For this problem, a small incremental change is more useful because flipping a single node can create a large
increase in influence especially in a complicated network. This would likely result in RLS outperforming GSEMO which doesnt really improve the best coverage. 
For Maxinfluence, the shape is esentially a single point.This is because most solutions are dominated by a single optimal solution so the pareto front collapses. As
mentioned before, some nodes contribute a lot to the influence, and others dont meaning small changes matter a lot. If there is one really good solution that
achieves maximum infleunce, almost all the new solutions will be dominated and therefore cannot stay in the population. As a result, the population pool does not
change much and the trade-off graph shows only one main point.

3. The last type of problem is the packwhileTravel problem. For problem 2300 and 2301, There is a slow increase and GSEMO behaves somewhat like (1+1)EA, however
as discussed previously converges later, as popiulation exploratoin slows down focus. The final solution is also worse than (1+1)EA. The best solution so far is 
worse than RLS and "my_EA". 2302 is interesting as this is where GSEMO performs extremely poor; worse than all algorithms with the curve increasing extremely slowly.
This can be justified about how packwhiletravel problem works. This problem involves choosing items with values under a capacity limit and then a travelling component
where items are located along a path. This makes this problem highly sequential meaning picking one item will affect what comes next. This is suitable for (1+1)EA and RLS which
focus on one single solution and improves sequentially, which is justified by the graph of 2302 with (1+1)EA performing the best. The population diviersity which is GSEMO's strength
is not effective here as it explores too many partial solutions tyhat cannot combine into a rewarding path. The trade-off graph is very dense, with many points 
representing the final population of nondoiminated solutions. This occurs as there are numerous combinations of items that have similar submodular values and costs. The density 
shows how the probkem is highly combinatorial as the selection can alter the costs without dominating the other solutions within the population. 


