This is an evaluation of the MMAS and MMAS* algorithms:

for problem 1 which is looking at using the OneMax fitness function, all the algorihtms begin at around 50 since a random bitstring of length 100 will have 50 ones on average.
In the growth phase from 50-90, MMAs and MMAS* increase steadily and at a similar rate, RLS shoots up faster than all the others and (1+1) EA has a similar tragectory to MMAs.
Comparing MMAS and MMAS*, both of them peform almost identically, They start improving after about 10 evaluations and steadily climb to around 90 around the same time and both 
converge to 100. The small difference is the MMAS* seems to be slighly faster than MMAS in the steep middle region. However, Since MMAS* is designed to avoid premature convergence by 
enforcing stricter pheromone bounds, you can clearly see in the graph that MMAS converges to the optimum earlier than MMAS* which is expected. This Trend continues for problem 2 and 3 
as well where the fitness function was Leading ones and Linear function with Harmonic weights. This is because they are all pseudo Boolean functions which means they reward having 
more 1s in the bit string thus RLS remains the fastest. Contrastingly in prolblem 18, RLS peforms significantly worse than MMAS and MMAs* as it converges too early and doesnt find a 
more optimal solution. MMAS and MMAS* followed a similar trajectory butMMAS* grew much slower, still performing worse than (1+1)EA. Problem 24(Concatenated trap problem) is most 
noticeable where MMAS and MMAS star performs better than all the other algorithms. This is because instead of flipping bits step by step to improve the fitnes like RLS and (1+1)EA works,
MMAS uses pheromone distributions instead of flipping one bit at a time. This means that the pheromones will slowly shift towards 1s allowing the MMAS to generate all 1s quicker than 
RLS where it will converge ealier. This is more suitale for this problem as it wont fall into the deceptive trap that having more 1s makes the score worse than having fewer 1s. 
 
